Okay,
guys,
your final challenge on did It's a little bit more complicated still,
but what you're going to do is use a lot of the things that you've learned already in this
course.
So you definitely have all the tools that you need to complete this task.
But it it's a bit of a humdinger,
while when to do.
Firstly in the same cell on every one of these is add another heading naked at it any way
you want,
and what I wanted to call it is description.
And then,
after your description,
what I want you to do is write a simple description that describes the that describes the
recipe that you on.
So for BLT,
you could say description,
a classic sun,
which,
and,
uh,
just couple of words,
just something very quickly that describes If you don't know what the dish is,
just write anything.
So in the same cell on every one of our recipe tabs at the wear description in the cell
next to it,
just type your description of that recipe.
So far,
so good on.
What I want to do is build a V look up to look of the description from each of the sheets
in here Now,
it only used to be a short description,
but there's no cheating.
You can't say equals V.
Look up and then type description and then click on here on,
then pick up your description.
A hit comma two comma.
False on enter.
What I went to do is build your table array using the data that you already have in here so
you can build your table array and you can build where you're gonna look using all the
skills that you've developed so far.
So what you essentially going to create is a dynamic V Look up based on the sheet name
detailed over here.
Okay,
good.
Look on.
I will see you in the next lecture.